hello people, I’m from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky,
I’m from Siberia, well, I’m big
cool, how it froze at the gates and I recognize the world,
look at people from Russia, I want to
clarify such a thing, they told us that
11, well, we in Ukraine are hiding
information from our government on September 11, that
is  the day after tomorrow referendums should be held
for joining Russia in
Kherson in the Kharkiv region Donetsk
Zaporizhia Luhansk and that
our news does not show this
information, maybe you have this information with
these residents, but they were going to
say they are there, go and start another
country, start 3 but they say  about this while
acheter who appoints while nothing
official has been turned away on the 11th
day in place of September for two months
they have been preparing all the ways nothing officially until
there was nothing yet no one beat
anyone no one prepared it when they were transferred
you yes I have no idea when they
plan to announce
entertain hang up video invitation to the
elections come you will know if
you want and when  -
it’s not me to heat up the official ones to vote, it’s just that I
just smashed everything in Russia if I wanted to,
there is the possibility of remote
voting that you can submit and
get on the list
just somehow all the Russians
told me that there would be a referential
shortage of the layer already the territory is beautiful it’s
coming and that there is no referendum  I can understand
why, but I
understand that you are worried that you want
to become a citizen of the good
side, I understand your patience, a gift,
be patient a little, there will be an adviser like
she, when I was languishing with yours, I realized
how much we need to endure, they will announce to us,
look along the way, call and say Putin
survived by the way about  Putin,
look, he sent a telegram of
condolences to the
king of this new Charles III,
training third
size with the death of Queen Elizabeth, so
if I can’t understand this, Britain
gives us weapons to Ukraine with which
we are now killing Russian soldiers in the Kharkiv region, we
liberate territories and Putin does not
remember about his dead soldiers
that  congratulations not looking at
it turns out there were a building for the entire
British people who help
to kill these Russian soldiers like it’s
that how glad nothing is clear there is a
protocol
polite people that is, it turns out that
you can’t remember about your soldiers
to survive a polite person - so I see
that you are demonstrating your Russian attitude
right under I connected the pig, it
turns out that a person and he clearly said
hello, he doesn’t remember about the
soldiers who are now dying, while they
are silent, but he somehow worries about the king, the
queen of the hornet comes to life, he
politely
like
this if, for example, Mussolini is there or
Hitler has someone  then one of the relatives died so
Stalin would also say a telegram of
condolences to the entire German
people to whom, but if it were, let's say,
war, then why not only one now,
we are now undergoing hostilities between
Ukraine, Russia and Britain, supplies
weapons to Ukraine, which helps to kill
Russian soldiers like this  so but not quite
so but as a matter of fact
England wanted to help Russia
with weapons for a long time, but didn’t know about it, she found a
way out, she supplies all the weapons to
Ukraine, she soldiers come and
take him away when your fight is
thrown there and there in the balakley, for example, where
there under the Kupyansky where they
typed it will also be pushed
on everything else,
but also
undermines the
last Russian troops,
runs away
to call his Koran, that is, to get the
boys how they die and by that Smith I
won’t pour you tell me so
laugh already part of the territory no you
laugh continue to change
okay I listened to you because it’s not
fair when I would just  shaved here you
said your thought it’s very right you
say but our people are dying
because yours came here and yours
are dying because they
climbed here and that’s about the rulers it’s called
it’s very good it’s good that you reminded me of this
I always  I ask you to ask you, I
didn’t interrupt you, I’m near a billion I’m in you and
billions of which you are syrup and
billions of
your soldiers are fighting with bare asses
it’s called constantly uploading a video
7 who will make the video shorter it was at least
they didn’t announce it sometime then
two months everything is shorter on September 11 the
training manual broke down qwerty ticket we
urgently needed when he was sitting in the roll
and then he urgently needs to run to shorter
you understand putin putin  us a cancer on our
soldiers who are dying there in the Kharkiv region
for strength and British technology, he
congratulates Carly because it does not
allow the
royal
family and the entire British people to speak out because
it is such that one must be polite the
beauty of karate his electorate his these
soldiers who, as it were  for the sake of putin and
he doesn’t care so cool man thanks you are
so cheered up I think everyone
who will watch us especially people from
Russia so I think you are the ones who are quilted jackets
you now feel like this
guy so it’s coming off
[laugh]
[music]
referendum a  then in that then it will
be you look at the UK she will
supply the equipment that we
Russia select those
I’m rubbing the days in telegrams with new Russians and the opinion is getting shorter and yes there is that village under our control strive viromax armor forces of Ukraine and destroy our information front for him so we don’t sauté the positive us three and the positive miracle in our hulks ah Ukraine and the world and I’ll take it Mordor so because the more you have to tell them the more people will start yes in this instead of what’s going on with crests what’s going on in Ukraine they’ll think why we have here what we are fighting for if we don’t have roads here there are no schools and when we subscribe put like put comments still expresses still intact on the right heading to peter i made and donate channel in the office and don’t forget to check and subscribe there you still often disappear removing the allowance both of these rivermen hit is dangerous and bowls and strong prescriptions subscribe directly and mass glory to Ukraine